NARRATOR Our heroes continue
to Anistar City
where Ash hopes to get his
seventh Kalos Gym badge
and ultimately enter
the Kalos League.
PIERRE 'The next Pokémon
showcase will take place'
'in Anistar City.'
We'll be seeing all of you
performers there.
‐ 'Wow. Anistar City.'
‐ Awesome.
That's where I'm gonna
get my next gym badge.
Yeah, I'll win the next showcase
and get my second Princess Key.
Something wrong?
I've gotta do so much
more work on my routine.
SERENA 'There's not much time
and I have lots to do.'
Alright. There's lots of stuff
I need to do too.
Hey, buddy, how does
some more training sound?
[EXCITED]
Hmm.
♪ You're just a kid on a quest ♪
♪ To be the best of the best ♪
♪ Someday you're destined
for power and glory ♪
♪ You know you're
up to the test ♪
♪ There's only one way
to tell this story ♪
♪ Be a hero ♪
♪ All the power
is at your command ♪
♪ Face your fears
and show you're a hero ♪
♪ The future of the world
is in your hand ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH "A Frolicking
Find In The Flowers."
Wow. Beautiful.
C'mon, Dedenne. Yippee yay.
Bonnie, don't run so fast.
You might get hurt.
I won't.
Why don't we go have a look too?
Right.
Yay. Whee.
[laughs]
It smells so nice.
Don't you think, Dedenne?
[SOOTHED]
‐ 'What a beautiful place.'
‐ 'Yeah.'
ASH
'The air is so fresh.'
[EXHILARATED]
[HAPPY]
Look at those Vivillon.
Wow. And that Budew.
Hey, check out the Hoppip.
This would be a great place
to take a break.
Oh, please. Can we do it?
Can we do it?
Sure. Why not?
In that case,
I'll make us some tea.
We're gonna play.
Guys, let's go.
[APPEARING]
And you too.
[APPREARING]
Come on out.
[APPEARING]
[EXCITED]
Huh?
Don't go too far, okay?
JESSIE 'Lazy Twerps
with nothing to do.'
True.
Though I must say,
I'm a little bit envious
of their carefree attitude.
Yeah, me too.
Sometimes a nap's just
what the doctor ordered.
Save your laziness
for another day.
[screams]
That showcase the Twerpette's
entering, I'm entering too.
But this time I'll win.
Oh, yes, daintily dancing
toward Kalos Queen.
[groans]
I'd rather take a nap.
[EXCITED]
[DELIGHTED]
[PROUD]/[CRITICAL]
[SURPRISED]/[ANNOYED]
[WATER GUN MOVE]
[EXCITED]
[EAGER]
[CARING]
They're gorgeous.
Thanks a lot, Braixen.
Now just a second.
It's perfect.
You're so good at that.
Thanks, I made one for you too.
Sure.
[gasps]
[giggles]
So pretty.
[EAGER]
SERENA
'This is yours.'
[CURIOUS]
SERENA
'You're the cutest.'
[EXCITED]/[SHOCKED]
[STRUGGLING]/[PAINED]
[DETERMINED]
[CARING]/[GRATEFUL]
[SURPRISED]
You okay?
[CURIOUS]
It's an Eevee.
POKEDEX
Eevee. The Evolution Pokémon.
Eevee is rarely seen and can
adapt to severe habitats
by evolving, changing
its capabilities and form.
Eevee's so cute.
Eevee obviously likes to dance.
It's so light on its feet.
ASH 'Serena.
Clemont says the tea's ready.'
Huh? Eevee, wait.
BONNIE
'Aw.'
It ran away.
We're coming, Ash.
BRAIXEN
[DISAPPOINTED]
You really saw a dancing Eevee?
Yeah, and it moved
so beautifully.
Just like it was dancing on air.
Wow, what do you know.
Sorry I scared it.
I felt like
when I watched Eevee dancing
'I might be able to come up
with a brand‐new routine.'
[STRUGGLING]
So let's have it show you
its dance moves again.
[EXCITED]
Yeah. You should.
This time, you should
try not to scare it away.
You're right about that.
[ENTHUSIASTIC]
Okay. Eevee, here we come.
[EXCITED]
That Eevee's unbelievable.
It's the ultimate Pokémon
for an even more
elegant performance.
Hey, don't forget about me.
I can cut a rug.
♪ Put your right foot in ♪
♪ And your left
and do it again ♪♪
[whimpers]
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Wonder where Eevee is.
[CURIOUS]
I'm sure Eevee must live
somewhere around here
but where?
[giggles]
The future is now,
thanks to science.
CLEMONT
'Clemontic Gear, on.'
I thought that we'd
encounter a situation
precisely like this one.
It's a robotic radar
that detects living things.
My "Living Thing Finder
Mark Two."
‐ "Mark Two?"
‐ That's correct.
I once used it
to search for you.
The living organism
detection power
used to be my
invention's weakest point.
But it's been improved.
It can now detect
any living thing.
Science is so amazing.
Okay. We're counting on you.
Our target is very small.
CLEMONT 'So let's narrow
the search down to its size.'
Here we go.
[whirring]
‐ 'Found it.'
‐ Whoa. That was quick.
And it's over there.
[CALM]
SERENA
'But that's a Vivillon.'
Uh, one more time.
whirr whirr whirr
Found it for sure. There.
BONNIE
'Eevee? Or not.'
Okay, back to the drawing board.
I don't understand.
[Clemont whimpering]
[screaming]
[groaning]
Oh, well. Better luck next time.
Thanks.
I could use a little luck.
Let's split up.
That'll be better.
You're right.
So, we'll head over that way.
Braixen? And Pancham?
You all set?
[FOCUSED]/[ENTHUSIASTIC]
Hey, Noibat? Talonflame?
ASH 'Let me know
if you see anything.'
[FOCUSED]
Will you help too?
[FOCUSED]/[ENTHUSIASTIC]
Clemont? What about you?
Alright.
[EAGER]/[INTERESTED]
ASH
'Eevee?'
PIKACHU
[CALLING]
HOPPIP
[STARTLED]
TALONFLAME
[EAGER]
PIDGEY
[SCARED]
NOIBAT
[CURIOUS]
SKIPLOOM
[CALM]
CLEMONT
'Eevee, where are you?'
ODDISH
[CALM]
FROGADIER
[DISAPPOINTED]
BONNIE
'Have you seen Eevee?'
BURMY
[CALM]
Eevee. Where are you?
[EAGER]
Braixen, any luck?
[DISAPPOINTED]
I see. Wow.
Maybe it isn't here.
Braixen?
Let's try it one more time.
[FOCUSED]
And you look over that way.
Eevee.
[PANICKED]/[URGENT]
Huh?
[whines]
[screams]
Huh?
Eevee. Wow, you saved me.
[HESITANT]/[SCARED]
Huh?
[sighs]
[laughs]
SERENA
'I'll leave this for Eevee.'
PANCHAM/BRAIXEN
[CALLING]/[CURIOUS]
No. Not yet. Let's go.
I wonder
if this will really work.
Serena makes yummy Poké Puffs.
I'm sure Eevee will love them.
Back off, Chespin.
That's not for you.
Mm‐hmm.
[CALM]
[leaves rustling]
[EXASPERATED]
[SURPRISED]
[FRIENDLY]
[SNEAKY]
Oh, no.
The Poké Puff's gone.
Huh?
[grunting]
I knew it.
[DEFENSIVE]
[URGENT]
ASH/SELENA/BONNIE/CLEMONT
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Eevee.
[APPEARING]
You saw Eevee for real?
Yeah. But sadly, it ran away.
BONNIE
'Too bad.'
ASH 'Let's look for it
again tomorrow.'
CLEMONT
'Good idea.'
[SURPRISED]
[CURIOUS]
[DELIGHTED]
[snoring]
[CONCERNED]
Shh.
[STARTLED]
[CONCERNED]
I didn't mean to wake you up.
I couldn't sleep, that's all.
I'm going to take a walk.
[gasps]
[CURIOUS]
Look what it's wearing.
SERENA
'Eevee likes it.'
Wow, I'd really like to become
great friends with that Eevee.
Do you two think it would be
a good idea if I did?
[HAPPY]
[ENCOURAGING]
Thanks. I will.
But how in the world
am I ever going to let
Eevee know
that I wanna be friends?
Now, let's find Eevee
today for sure.
You know what?
I don't think I want to look for
Evee the same way today.
[gasps]
You're not giving up, are you?
No way. I've got a better idea.
ASH
'What are you gonna do?'
I figure it would be
better if we show
Eevee our performance instead.
Really? Your performance?
SERENA
'Right. It makes sense.'
We were drawn to how happy
Eevee looked while dancing
so I think it would be
a great idea to show
Eevee how happy
we are by dancing too.
Great. I like it.
After all, your performances
are really good.
Bonnie, that is so sweet.
So what do you two say?
Are we on?
[FOCUSED]
Braixen, Flamethrower.
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
[gasps]
[SURPRISED]
[CURIOUS]
Okay, Pancham, Dark Pulse, go.
[EXCITED]
[DARK PULSE MOVE]
Ta aa.
[PROUD]
‐ Amazing.
‐ It sure was.
[IMPRESSED]
[giggles]
Huh?
So did you like what we did?
Not too bad, right?
‐ Huh?
[SURPRISED][SCARED]
It's Eevee.
Eevee was this close
the whole time?
How cool is that? It worked.
Eevee came, just like you
thought it would.
Mm‐hmm. See, Eevee.
The three of us really like
to perform together as a team.
We compete with other performers
in the Pokémon Showcase
and it's a whole lot of fun.
[ENCOURAGING]
SERENA 'Do you think maybe
you'd like to perform with us'
'on stage
in the Pokémon Showcase?'
That's a great idea.
Then Eevee would get
to be part of your team.
[SURPRISED]
Because, it's so much fun
to watch you dance.
I want lots more people
to see you too.
What do you say?
Would you like to be
part of our group?
[SCARED]
Eevee.
Hey, what's going on?
Prepare for trouble,
it's surely not you.
And make it double,
we love what we do.
To protect the world
from devastation.
To unite all people
within our nation.
To ruin your performance
at every turn.
To extend our reach
with power to burn.
‐ Jessie.
‐ And James.
Team Rocket blasts off
at the speed of light.
Surrender now or prepare
for a choreographed fight.
Meowth, that's right.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Team Rocket.
Not you guys again.
[TERRIFIED]
‐ You let Eevee go.
‐ 'What for?'
I'm the one who's traveling down
the road to stardom with Eevee.
‐ What do you mean?
‐ Bonnie, no.
You heard him. Gourgeist, go.
[APPEARING]
Inkay, join the fray.
Inkay. Use Psybeam.
[PSYBEAM MOVE]
Pikachu, Electro Ball, go.
[ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
Alright, Braixen
and Pancham, help Eevee.
[DETERMINED]
[STRUGGLING]/[SURPRISED]
She's such an irritating
Twerpette. Shadow Ball.
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
Braixen, Flamethrower.
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
Okay, Inkay, use Tackle.
[TACKLE MOVE]
Quick, Pikachu, Iron Tail.
[IRON TAIL MOVE]
[EXERTION]
Use Foul Play.
[FOUL PLAY MOVE]/[PANICKED]
[PAINED]
No, Pikachu.
Now, Pancham, use Stone Edge.
[STONE EDGE MOVE]
[screaming]
[PANICKED]
Eevee.
You keep that Twerpette
away from Eevee.
Seed Bomb, now.
[SEED BOMB MOVE]
[panting]
Eevee.
[grunts]
Serena.
Are you okay?
[SHOCKED]/[SCARED]
‐ No you don't.
‐ Dance your way back here.
You're wasting
your fancy footwork.
That's far enough.
Oh, please.
Gourgeist, Seed Bomb.
[SEED BOMB MOVE]
[whines]
Serena.
[groaning]
Huh?
[PROTECT MOVE]
BONNIE
'Eevee did that?'
‐ It just used Protect.
‐ To help Serena
[AMAZED]
[SWIFT MOVE]
[whimpering]
Pikachu. Use Thunderbolt.
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[screaming]
Eevee was my path to stardom.
Check out this fancy footwork.
Actually, air travel
doesn't use feet.
‐ We're blasting..
‐ Off again.
GOURGEIST/WOBBUFFET
[PANICKED]
Can't you take a hint?
Eevee, thanks so much.
[SURPRISED][HESITANT]
So, as I was saying..
Please, Eevee.
Won't you travel along with us?
If we all dance together,
it'll be more fun.
[ENCOURAGING]
[HESITANT]
[AFFECTIONATE]
So that means
you'll come with us?
[HAPPY]
Welcome aboard.
[cheering]
Ready?
Ta‐da. Ah.
A new chapter in my life,
because I caught an Eevee.
[HAPPY]
Yeah, good for you.
[EXCITED]
‐ You did it.
‐ Congratulations.
Thanks, you guys.
So come back out and say hi.
[FRIENDLY]
Okay gang, let's go.
You too.
[FOCUSED]
It's nice to meet you.
[FRIENDLY]
Huh?
[SURPRISED/[STARTLED]
I'd say when Eevee gets
in front of others
it feels just a little bit shy.
Now don't you worry, Eevee.
Everyone's real nice.
So, let's be friends.
[EAGER]/[STARTLED]
Uh oh.
[SCARED]
[PROUD]/[SCARED]
[FRIENDLY]/[STARTLED]
[CONCERNED]/[HAPPY]
[JEALOUS]
[DEFENSIVE]
Well, what do you know?
It's comfortable with Bunnelby.
That's because Bunnelby's nice.
[DEFENSIVE]
[EAGER]/[SCARED]
Hey. Cut it out.
Hey Serena, I'm really glad
you made a new friend.
Thanks.
Me too.
Braixen and Pancham.
And now Eevee.
SERENA 'We will win
the Pokémon Showcase together.'
ASH
'I'm gonna train hard too.'
[laughing]
[HAPPY]
I'm so happy you're here.
NARRATOR There's no doubt that
things are going to get even
livelier with Serena's new
friend Eevee in the group.
So now, our heroes are off
once again to Anistar City
as the journey continues.